it was one on YouTube but I video for
you guys as usual this video's on our
fit of the day number 140 ah for
actually 144 so yeah I just wanted to
show you guys just like oh it's like a
pretty much like mostly black fit I
would have to say I don't know mostly
like hip hop retro urban hip hop fit but
yeah I just told me to show you guys
this is what I was wearing to go out so
it's New York Yankees pom-pom beanie
earrings are diamond well the pullover
hoodie is from against the lugs Brooklyn
hard knocks pretty dope just black and
then the bottom is a well what the hell
my camera the bottom is uh some black
sweatpants from black cuffed sweatpants
from cotton on and this was like I think
yeah this was 20 this in sweatpants or
20 and my shoes are air jordan retro
three fire reds I just sit down and guys
can get a better view check that air
jordan fire red 3s my first time
actually wearing just in a fit so yeah
that's the shoes swerve yeah i just want
to share with you guys a quick fit of
the day as usual um i'm trying to make
as much more videos constraint that when
I won't the hell my own camera what the
yeah considering that I have a lot
more free time and I'm not going back to
college yet until the next semester
which is January 21st so until then i'll
be making a lot more videos so yeah
anyways hopefully you guys enjoyed the
video comment rate subscribe favorite
the video share with your friends keep
the video like chicken links down below
if you want to ask me a question ask
away and make a bit about as soon as
possible if you want to message me on
kik i have a cake is in the description
so yeah tell me have to think about this
pullover hoodie I mean pull already so I
guess we think about this fit it's
pretty sure i'm not wearing rings I'm
not wearing a watch just simple and
plain so yeah I mean not playing simple
and casual my bad so yeah I'll tied you
guys soon I'm gonna get out on my goal
and head out to get food and it's
raining as right now I'm not
wearing DS I'm probably gonna swap it
with my fours I don't know yeah peace
hope you guys enjoy the video
you